
    part of gramma(practical ) 
        universal-universe-universalize
        university 综合性大学
        sentence-sentences
        computing technology:: ing有形容词性质？？
        for instance == for example == as an example 
        In the following, ...we ...
        
    free learn on net 
        good sentences rewriting :expand seeds ,learn from net 
        sklearn 
            https://scikit-learn.org/stable/
            https://scikit-learn.org/stable/tutorial/basic/tutorial.html
            a tool for data mining and data analysis
            reusable in various contexts
                - a product with high reusability 
            Open source, commercially usable
            Ordinary Least Squares
            +math
            An introduction -to 【machine learning -【with scikit-learn】】
            a learning problem considers a set of n samples of data and then tries to predict properties of unknown data
            Learning problems fall into a few categories
            An example of a classification problem would be ::handwritten digit recognition
                the task is to predict, given an image, which digit it represents
            the aim is to assign each input vector to one of a finite number of discrete categories
            consists of one or more continuous variables
            An example of a regression problem would be ：：the prediction of the length of a salmon -as a function of its age and weight
            without any corresponding target values
                discover groups of similar examples within the data
                determine the distribution of data within the input space, known as density estimation
                project the data from a high-dimensional space down to two or three dimensions for the purpose of visualization
            Machine learning is about learning some properties of a data set and then testing those properties against another data set
            scikit-learn comes with a few standard datasets
            for instance the iris and digits datasets for classification and the boston house prices dataset for regression.
            shell prompt and interpreter prompt
            gives the ground truth for the digit dataset
            Do you agree with the classifier
                - i will not agree with you about that 
                - do you agree with me ?
            These are described in more detail in the ...
 
        ccf recommands :
            from SIGGRAPH 
                https://www.siggraph.org/about/about-acm-siggraph
                here is a international community of researchers, artists, developers, filmmakers, scientists, 
                    and business professionals who share an interest in computer graphics and interactive techniques.
                Association for Computing Machinery ACM
                P2P is a new distributed computing technology.
                premier technology conferences in the world.
                curriculum studies
            ...
            
        Kalman filter
            Kalman filtering, also known as linear quadratic estimation (LQE)


    learn based on books (where chinese edition has already been read or have a basic concept )
        information retrieval
        pred. https://dcetit.files.wordpress.com/2013/03/papoulis-probability-andom-variables-and-stochastic-processes.pdf
        machine learning in action 
            
        A College Student’s Guide to Computers in Education
            and for others thinking about enrolling in higher education courses
            +
                i am thinking about enrolling in higher education courses
                enrolling in sth.
            in our rapidly changing Information Age world
            You are living at a time of a rapid technological
                change. The rate of change is increasing. Such change brings with it both threats and
                opportunities. You can shape your informal and formal education to diminish the threats and
                increase the opportunities.
            make copies of all or parts of these materials for non-commercial purposes
            You can share these materials with others you feel will benefit
            Taking Responsibility for Your Own Learning
            from using them. You can link to them from your Website.
            This Book Tells a Story About Change
            Your Personal Goals in Education
            Inventing Your Future
            Computer-Assisted and Distance Learning
            Asynchronous and Synchronous Distance Learning
            Computer-Assisted Learning
            Learning and Learning Theory
            Computer Ethics
            Many of us find it hard to break old habits, or to replace old habits with new habits.
            However, a rapidly increasing amount of the material being
            published throughout the world will mainly be available online.Hardcopy books are not going to disappear 
                during your lifetime or the lifetimes of your
            children and grandchildren. 
            The book is not specifically designed to increase your specific computer-based skills
            Rather, it is designed to help you make decisions throughout your educational experiences
            you should have the mental maturity (a level of cognitive
                development and self-responsibility) to take a high level of responsibility for your own
                education. 
            is not part of your working vocabulary
            you had a reasonable level of fluency at decoding squiggly marks on a page into meaningful patterns in your brain        
            Not many people select a college textbook for their bedtime reading enjoyment!
            I am sure that most of my readers have considered the stories to be “dullsville,”
            Regardless of the paths you pursue in higher education, the world is going to change substantially 
                during your lifetime
            In being a responsible adult and lifelong learner
            Higher education provides you an opportunity to increase your level of expertise in a variety of different areas
            be a leader in helping to solve a variety of global problems
            You might want to gain an education that helps prepare to be a more responsible, contributing adult citizen of 
                your rapidly changing community, state, nation, and world
            Computer technology is affecting every academic discipline in a typical institution of higher education. 
            Used to augment the capabilities of people’s brains.
            working together to solve problems and accomplish tasks. A modern education helps to prepare a person to be a 
                productive and valuable member of such a team
            Most of the topics in this book are treated in a relatively easy to read, but scholarly, academic
            manner
            you will find a large number of items in the References section
            browsing and reading information sources in these areas
            let me remind you that
                information is not knowledge, knowledge is not wisdom, and
                wisdom is not foresight. Each grows out of the other, and we
                need them all.
            Technology and the underlying mathematics and sciences are cumulative, vertically structured disciplines. 
                New developments build on the old
            Increasing population and improvements in worldwide education also make significant contributions to the 
                pace of technological and scientific change.
            Consequently, you live at a time when the rate of technological change is higher than it has ever been, 
                and when the rate of change is steadily increasing
            Your decision to begin reading this book indicates that you are inquisitive, and that you are seeking ways  
                to improve your current and future life
            Our precollege education system is 
            our educational system tends to take self-responsibility away from students
                + 
                    i was tend to take the book away 
            You make use of the myriad of resources designed to help
                you learn. (College courses are but one of many such resources.) 
            You set your learning goals, and you achieve them at a level that is satisfactory to you
            the Internet is a broad-based network of computer networks, a powerful aid to communication. 
            
            p10 


            
        programming languages 
            c++
            java
            python
        ...


    videos viewing :
        movies
            黑镜
            科幻
        learn on youtube (seeds)

        公开课

    